hi guys welcome to Veda day two right
now we're heading down to the beach to
shoot our Shark Week video this is by
far the earliest we've ever done any
type of Shark Week video they usually
happen the night before or actually a
couple days into Shark Week I think the
one day we finally posted our Shark Week
video on the last day so expecting the
last baby shot
yeah shot it and then uploaded the last
day Shark Week so I'm very proud that
we're eight days ahead of the Shark Week
game so um probably won't show you guys
too much but here we go day to day to
what all right so our first stop of the
day we had to get some fake blood
because we didn't get it yesterday
all right so the fake blood is required
now we have to go
bandages and then got a go Starbucks is
know we got to get to the beach because
that's where the shark stuff happens
yeah I never knew banned
basics caffeine sit before we officially
start you don't wear Shark Week
thirsty yeah tell us
- hot so we're at the beach what
surprised us today I think we have a
pretty solid spot we're going to start
shooting I got to put on my costume I'm
really excited I honestly love doing
these videos they're my favorite things
to do so I'm really happy that I'm doing
my own this you - all right
touchy I don't like chance getting
suited up like that
super shooting done here have been
working really hard on this proposal
they wrote in the sand will you marry me
and I think it's finally happening
oh wait I missed it
I think I missed it let's see the ring I
don't even know who these people are
I watched them dig this the whole first
one way to go guys
I'm coming the wedding you buddy hello
hello friend it looks like he does it
sorry
you joined us hello hi I don't know if
I've been filming Surrey now we're just
going to get some loot is it lunch is it
dinner I don't even know how to charm
literally thirty it's time for a little
bit of daddy
I've hurt my Jason right now I feel like
I'm 20 and like just breaking girls
unfortunately I'm old so not really that
fun to legally drink did you guys get
carded no no I got Carter
we're being flattened classic Venice
behavior those words
Hey so that's kind of a wrap on our
Shark Week pretty good today I'm so
excited to end this video we still have
to shoot all the audio and lyrics and
I'll basically everything but we've got
the shooting done so right now we're
gonna head back to Justine's to take
shower and we're gonna go see a movie
Lucy guardians of the galaxy
classic Marvel with this and in
highbrows
[Music]